doc: correct concurrency wording in test() documentation (#60773)
nodejs/node: doc/api/test.md

* `options` {Object} Configuration options for the test. The following
  properties are supported:
  * `concurrency` {number|boolean} If a number is provided,

>     then that many tests would run concurrently within the test process.

Reviewer: Using `Promise.allSettled` would make more sense, because that runs in the same thread. Test files written in JS are no different for other JS files: if making a JS file multi-threaded was as easy as setting a boolean value, we would not reserve it only to tests.

>     then that many tests would run concurrently within the test process.

Reviewer: IMO if we think talking about "thread" is bad because there's only one thread, it makes no sense to replace it with "process", for the same reason. Maybe we can find an alternative wording, e.g.:
```suggestion
    then that many tests would run asynchronously (they are still managed by the single-threaded event loop).
```
